We'll lay all these little funky little things in there. Let's have a nice tree right here. Mountains are so simple, they're hard.

Now it's beginning to make a little sense. God gave you this gift of imagination. Use it. Let's make a nice big leafy tree. Just think about these things in your mind and drop em' on canvas.

This is the fun part You need the dark in order to show the light. If you overwork it you become a cloud killer. There's nothing worse than a cloud killer. Let's put some happy little bushes on the other side now. Only think about one thing at a time. Don't get greedy.

We wash our brush with odorless thinner. This is your creation - and it's just as unique and special as you are. Pretend you're water. Just floating without any effort. Having a good day. Let's put some highlights on these little trees. The sun wouldn't forget them. This is probably the greatest thing to happen in my life - to be able to share this with you. In nature, dead trees are just as normal as live trees.

As trees get older they lose their chlorophyll. Trees grow in all kinds of ways. They're not all perfectly straight. Not every limb is perfect. Look at them little rascals. It takes dark in order to show light.

Follow the lay of the land. It's most important. Trees get lonely too, so we'll give him a little friend. Just let these leaves jump off the brush All kinds of happy little splashes.

Let's put a touch more of the magic here. It's beautiful - and we haven't even done anything to it yet. These little son of a guns hide in your brush and you just have to push them out. Nature is so fantastic, enjoy it. Let it make you happy. Nothing wrong with washing your brush.

Nice little clouds playing around in the sky. A fan brush is a fantastic piece of equipment. Use it. Make friends with it. Maybe, just to play a little, we'll put a little tree here.

It's important to me that you're happy. Just a little indication. This piece of canvas is your world.

Talk to trees, look at the birds. Whatever it takes. A little happy sunlight shining through there. Very easy to work these to death.

This is your world, whatever makes you happy you can put in it. Go crazy. The least little bit can do so much. You create the dream - then you bring it into your world. Don't fight it, use what happens.

Now we can begin working on lots of happy little things. If I paint something, I don't want to have to explain what it is. You can create anything that makes you happy.

We don't make mistakes we just have happy little accidents. It is a lot of fun. But we're not there yet, so we don't need to worry about it. Mix your color marbly don't mix it dead.

Little trees and bushes grow however makes them happy. There he comes. If there's two big trees invariably sooner or later there's gonna be a little tree. Talent is a pursued interest. That is to say, anything you practice you can do. Put it in, leave it alone.

You can create the world you want to see and be a part of. You have that power. Use your imagination, let it go. We must be quiet, soft and gentle. When you buy that first tube of paint it gives you an artist license. Let's build an almighty mountain.

Get away from those little Christmas tree things we used to make in school. This is a happy place, little squirrels live here and play. And just raise cain. Don't kill all your dark areas - you need them to show the light.

Let's make a happy little mountain now. Look at them little rascals. Let's give him a friend too. Everybody needs a friend.     END OF FILE

